So one thing that we are going to do is
add a bigger sphere here, okay,
one more mesh with the same geometry but
a little bit bigger so
we can actually duplicate this and
say Cloud Geometry And
translated a little bit bigger.
To be a little bit bigger, let's do zero.
Well, no 1.1, maybe 1.12 and
then we can just create
using the same mesh.
Clouds equal new mesh
material Cloud Geometry.
I don't want to mistype anything.
Copying and
pasting is going to work, okay.
Now we have the clouds.
We also have to add them to our scene.
Maybe I'll edit it right after the art.
In class,
let's see what we are seeing now.
We are not seeing the clouds.
Let's see if there is any errors that
I'm seeing So what we forgot is to move
our clouds to the same location position.
That z is equal to minus two squared to
be exactly the same, all right?
Clouds.
Spelling mistake.
All right.
So be added all of the materials and
It is getting exactly the same one.
So let's not do that.
This is all to teach you what could
go wrong [LAUGH] Over and over.
And thank you so much for your help.
What did I do?
The Material that we created is refresh.
All right, I'm going to copy and
paste this one and
call it material clouds with clouds.
We don't want a bump map here.
We don't want this here and
the texture is going to be also different.
So this time I'm going to load the clouds.
So cloud map.
And this is, I think, Okay,
let me double check the naming convention.
Assets, images, globe and
urge clouds for KPMG.
This is the one that we
need to urge clouds 4k.
What we wanted to have is also
transparency for our clouds trends.
Pairen See,
I believe and I'm true.
Alright, let's see.
We have the material clouds that we
are going to give to our clouds mesh,
well make sure you all right.
And also texture in our map for
the clouds,
we have to change that to
clouds map here we go.
Let's see what is happening.
Earth has already been declared.
I knew I copied and pasted earth
Yes, we do have transparency but
we are missing one thing
which was opacity points.
08 and transparency is transparent true,
which I wrote transparency.
Let's fix that.
All right, yes.
Now we have some transparent clouds but
they're way too big.
So let's fix that one.
All right, where did we define the name,
the width and height,
the radius, I put one.
What I meant to put was 0.6, maybe,
now we refresh it,
it's closer to earth but
I think it needs to be a little
bit more close, maybe five, five.
No all right I'm gonna go with that one,
so it's still could be but, and
now our earth is turning right
our clouds are not turning.
So I'm going to add clouds That rotation.
It's going to be a tiny bit
faster than the earth.
So 0.202 maybe.
Yay.
Now our clouds are turning around
a little bit faster than our earth.
We have a little bit more
realistic representation.
And at this point, if you want,
you can add any location data and
map it to the sphere and simple sphere
can turn into a data visualization.
And if you would like to do that we're
not going to do that in this course but
there's an example.
Called tweet migration on my GitHub repo,
where I'm getting tweets with Web Sockets
and displaying them on the map.
So you can add that if you like.
Is there any questions or
anyone who weren't not able to see
something similar to what we have.
There's no bump map for
the cloud texture, right?
Yes on the only thing that we
want from the cloud texture is
have some transparency as well as
some white cloud looking things.
So there's no need for.
If you want, you could add
that of course and give some.
Debts but
I'm not sure how much you would add.